Conversation with Cesar Romero, Software Architect, Ambev Tech


5:02 AM 11-05-2023 Daria Aleshchenko (daleshchenko@insquad.com) - Hi Cesar! My name is Daria. I&#039;m a tech recruiter at Insquad, a talent platform that connects developers with top-notch US tech jobs. Let&#039;s connect!
5:48 AM 12-05-2023 Daria Aleshchenko (daleshchenko@insquad.com) - Hi Cesar! Thanks for connecting. I’m also looking for a full-stack JS developer (React + Node) for a US-based unicorn and top-1 payments provider in gamedev industry. They are generating and developing innovative ideas in the field of blockchain technologies, Web3 and game development. They are currently scaling their team with talented full-stack engineers. After looking at your background, I think you’d be a great fit!Are you open to such an opportunity, Cesar?
11:09 PM 15-05-2023 Daria Aleshchenko (daleshchenko@insquad.com) - Hey Cesar! How are things at Ambev Tech? We are recruiting skilled developers in your stack for a core team of a scaling  Gamedev unicorn. There is just a couple of opening left, and you are the perfect match for one of them!Let me know if this sounds interesting, and I will tell you more!
9:58 PM 17-05-2023 Daria Aleshchenko (daleshchenko@insquad.com) - Hi Cesar! I wanted to reach out because I&#039;m currently seeking a software engineer for an exciting opportunity with a US-based unicorn and the leading payments provider in the game development industry. This company is at the forefront of generating and developing innovative ideas in blockchain technologies, Web3, and game development. Currently, they are actively expanding their team and are specifically interested in senior software architects.After reviewing your background, I am impressed by your skills and experience, and I genuinely believe that you would be an excellent fit for this role. The role requires a professional with extensive experience in full-stack and/or backend web development, strong technical proficiency across various programming languages, and a proven track record in optimizing and architecting large complex systems.Are you open to such an opportunity, Cesar?
3:19 AM 19-05-2023 Daria Aleshchenko (daleshchenko@insquad.com) - Cesar ?
6:45 PM 22-05-2023 Cesar Romero (cesar.romero@triersistemas.com.br,cesarliws@gmail.com) - Hi Daria,Thank you for reaching out and considering me for the opportunities at Insquad. I appreciate your interest in my skills and experience. Currently, I am quite satisfied with my current job at Ambev Tech, and I&#039;m not actively looking for new opportunities at the moment.However, I would be open to exploring potential opportunities in the future. If anything comes up that aligns with my interests and career goals, I would be happy to connect and discuss further.Thank you again for reaching out, and I wish you success in finding the right candidates for your positions.Best regards,Cesar
1:45 PM 23-05-2023 Daria Aleshchenko (daleshchenko@insquad.com) - Hi Cesar! Thanks for your response, and I&#039;m glad to hear that you are happy with your current position. However, I wanted to highlight that Insquad offers a unique talent pool that connects developers with hundreds of tech companies looking for top-notch talent. By completing the Insquad vetting process, you will become part of the talent pool, and we can match you with relevant opportunities should anything come up that aligns with your interests and career goals. It&#039;s a great way to keep your options open and stay on top of any new opportunities that come up!If you&#039;re interested in registering for the platform, please follow this link: dev.insquad.com. The process is straightforward and takes only an hour, max.Thanks for considering, Cesar!


Exported from Closely on 3:09 PM 13-07-2023
