Conversation with Felipe Ogata, Software Engineer | Dev, Jusbrasil


3:33 PM 01-06-2023 Nikita Gavrilov (gavnikal@gmail.com) - Hi Felipe! My name is Nikita. I&#039;m a tech recruiter at Insquad, a talent platform that connects developers with top-notch US tech jobs. Let&#039;s connect!
3:21 AM 02-06-2023 Nikita Gavrilov (gavnikal@gmail.com) - Hi Felipe! Thanks for connecting. I’m also looking for a mobile developer (React Native) for an ambitious San Fransisco based startup. They are transforming the analytics space for creators and have already helped millions of YouTube creators take their channels to the next level — grow their views and subscribers. The startup is currently scaling the team with talented React Native engineers. After looking at your background, I think you’d be a great fit!Are you open to such an opportunity, Felipe?
10:59 PM 05-06-2023 Nikita Gavrilov (gavnikal@gmail.com) - Hey Felipe! How are things at Jusbrasil? We are recruiting skilled developers in your stack for the core team of the scaling US-based startup. There is just a couple of opening left, and you are the perfect match for one of them!Let me know if this sounds interesting, and I will tell you more!
5:42 AM 06-06-2023 Felipe Ogata (felipe-ogata-821791102) - Hi Nikita, Thank you for reaching out and considering me for the opportunity. I appreciate your interest in my skills and background. Currently, I&#039;m not actively looking for a new job as I am fully committed to my current position at Jusbrasil.However, I&#039;m open to exploring opportunities for professional growth and development in the future, including the possibility of relocation. If there are any future openings or if the timing aligns with my career goals, I would be happy to hear more details about the position and the scaling startup.Please keep me updated on any future opportunities, and I will be sure to reach out if there is a change in my current circumstances.Thank you again for considering me.Best regards,
12:47 PM 06-06-2023 Nikita Gavrilov (gavnikal@gmail.com) - Thanks for your reply anyway! How about we keep in touch for future opportunities? We focus on working with US-based tech startups. You could become part of our talent base so that once you are open for offers and we have companies that would match your current requirements, we could quickly get in touch with you. All you need to do is go to dev.insquad.com, click Apply now and take a short quiz and coding test on your primary stack (those will take an hour of your time max). You will then need to upload your CV there and voila! - you are part of the Insquad talent base.Takes little time but could be useful in the future =)


Exported from Closely on 11:55 AM 13-07-2023
